the next part of the barbie
yarn bomb yes who for little money for it
who drive themselves at the door
we must go our cars today
provided with a small turn and I have to
say that will be quite a challenge because
it may seem a lot but
technically its extremely dry
swimmers except god him maybe that
has no right to make some
are we actually going to do today yes no me
have another small disadvantage because i have
the biggest car that means a go
Spark plugs change and I have it in everyone
one more case so 25 cents anyway
more work
oil fields are going to change air filter
we are going to change and because we have the oil
have changed
there must also be new engine oil in and
since I have the gas engine
and so I have the most oil there
again a disadvantage but good for me
at least have a straight hand
if you fly you'll trays and drive
daddy has to work
at least he usually starts when you
turn with the oil because we have
drove a bit so now warm so now
students too easy so we go
first all the old oil from cat last
we will not think so well before
doing things is my stuff from the
auto raise volume always does
handy
well that's nice too small
carte club marks if you were old
we turn and clean
good good start is half the battle
and so actually took care of you one
little brake cleaner
you clean your nice and then for one
bar about 500 euros that is what we need
give it back
it's the new oil filter when you put on it
does two things important and first
fill with oil need not himself
to suck him full and secondly that edge
I just put it in bold it is again
a completely different size than I had
but if all goes well it is rubber
ring that is the right size
hopefully the asbestos
so beautiful
the
prizes have been with followers and friends
to never quite put a spark plug under
their cover so it is very beautiful
That also means you all
Toxic us can made you
Anyway when exactly can it cost me
in need again
they could be curious depending on it
of how was sitting so already
outside of course it goes for the
victory
my blood fanatic
and
Yes
and 5 went easily from still look
good looking so if new then just like that
easy to turn again
I am a very happy job
now I knew that was going to be okay
of course everything is super in it runs
more he is the even delivers my headlight
I fixed that did not leak
so not time well so we watch an hour
and 14 minutes an hour and 14 minutes before
Five smart and you know all the best
demolish mine the time I
I spent my whole
five-cylinder turn the oil
take it out as to fix it roon
spent making
they wipers and very mechanism
so if new small turn must go
because you have the time tomorrow
because tomorrow the dexterity itself goes wrong
has received